my contract is the best Spanish-speaking contract
Juan likes beds, I mean
Juan always says that his bed is the
best, well this is the contract the
contract my contract is the best the
best there is no streamer on
Twitch or anything that has a contract
like mine because these morons no way
okay I mean neither ladin Rose nor anything
wc not even ibai has a contract
like mine I [ __ ] [ __ ] and an
[ __ ] goes The thing is that I have the
biggest Latino contract in all of
Spanish-speaking I am swear the movie
this guy lives in is historic he
puts yb on tiktok he finds a
tiktok from wbc and leaves him that comment
okay come on people I'm going to buy it
guys who having the second best
contract in the entire Spanish-
speaking community I think it comes to me going
looking for salsa I eh